save salve guys from the bassaki games is
starting another checkpoint
I started with a story that a lot of people
Did you even ask the question every day, man?
where is a gta movie because it's the same
President has to had to take care and
who owns rockstar decided to comment
on the subject he said the following that
there are several facts to be
considered in the issue of the release of
gta license for the production of a
movie commented for example he is the
chance the movie is a net failure
I also encouraged him that the film can
bring a negative image to the series
snow can not be bad you can stay despite it
down so far can associate
In fact, there are several factors that he
He also said that the
tv people live interested in the
gta franchise that doing something for
tv also maceió in the end I
said the following
now there is what there is no plans
it is not her focus a film production
and they keep working on the games
so film is background for them
after all they are well with games do not have
for him and still talking about movie galley
Look how weird.
sony pictures solved and purchased the
sony's rights to make a movie
delicate the end of the dream that is achieved
Imagine how that would be what I think
in that movie of the mario warn that the
lance reminded the following they
registered several domains of the sites
as the sonic the hedgehog clouds the
vital minimum and it was only
news about a possible film of the
sonic does not know you animation and live
action I really do not know what
expect them to think that the first
episode of the second season of the game
the walking dead until your games arrive
on the 17th of Rio de Janeiro was also announced
that will get to ps3 for xbox
360 and so or that my version
pc of course they also released a
trailer of the new game letter really nice
you can check the next and next
who was waiting there on the 17th to
pc and probably to realize it too
on 18 comes on live by xbox staff
before then it turns on guy who's going to be a
I play beauty and now we have a block
whole on sales here issue of
games market
so let's go there first news of all
is the following the npd released several
sales information
including commenting here on the
playstation 4 sold more in
distance to question the issue of consoles
when in a matter of games in this final
of the year compared to xbox wave
the reason it was so much the year before it was so
good that even made a video in celebration
showing all this data where she
it went ahead but Microsoft did not
like the subject did not say that they
did not show real numbers and that they
they are looking for something there to
get out front also with some né
anyway this is so now talking about sales is
even if the market is well on
hardware issue is in the matter of
games software
the market has calmed down and declined in
24 percent then radio is selling
well playing well too but one layer
of being a little 24% and some
analysts also commented on the
question of the current generation how will
stay in the future who will win who will
lose the eprdf if on screen says who wins
the battle of the present generation is the
playstation 4 né but they commented that
the same winning console should not
get close to what was will and the
playstation 2 in what is said the sale does not
either will not sell so much has concluded
while playstation 2 sold
so he is saying
besides the galera a famous michael
pec also decided to comment on opening
a generation he said that the
xbox but will only do well if the
microsoft has decided to cut the price of it is
For those who do not know the xbox where it is 100
dollars more expensive out there then that's it
by Peter is quite a difference
while sony and microsoft fight
nintendo celebrates then it's galera
company has seen a significant increase in
its sales is including nintendo wii
had a 340% increase in expensive sales
to what is due enough for success
SuperMario 30,000 or even all right
details and sales of 3ds but of several
games he can keep the news okay
Nice, and spend the whole year, right man.
showing that they have strength as well and only
to end this blog about numbers
market on sales following the crowd
digital games had an increase of 25%
if we compare the month of November
this year with November last year
at a very significant time
even with the fall of software in general
so much of this is also due
for the xbox issue the year of
playstation 4 here for a lot of people these
two islands there guide the
consumers to buy their games
digitally and sony is already warming up
guys and three of 2014
on the 10th to the 12th of June following
the company itself commented that they are
they are very grateful for the affection of the
staff support and said that
has several surprises as updates
console and of course many games and
Look, they released the numbers pretty cool.
to re- paste to you here is the
more than 800 thousand matches already
were transmitted by the
streaming from ps4 is quite something that
and EUR 7.1 million
viewers are a lot of people and
plus 20 million minutes already
were played and a lot then
Congratulations happened and not long ago I
I said that I did not have to bridge the
The arrival of me seeing if 3ds is a resource
which is exclusive to nintendo wii wheel
and now it has arrived at nintendo's laptop
because it is but a lot of people already knew and
many people do not know about the service either.
so we'll take a step by step
there for you to enjoy the
universe in your 3ds does not match the
news because it's nice of you already
know the guy one should also know that
lots of people do lots of crazy drawings
in that parade the guys 0 on the carretinha
that they can get some
absurd words
including 11
large drawings that inhabit the
universe does not check there is much
really cool
and speaking in law this galera left in a
Pretty cool video bringing together the ten
best videos about games on youtube
in 2003 a very nice retrospective with
several international organizations including
visual more relaxed with that
sony scheme
they commented on how they are going to
game in the neck then also gives the
bed table and now to close the
checkpoint here we have a framework
sensational of the master
you know right next voter crowd
comments since bridges is by law
which is now the best comment in the issue
Yesterday the checkpoint and who sent it was
Red Snapper thiago he said the following
I took a kick in the ass girlfriend but gave
the back up that she and I are our
children a gray and I'm being very
happy face is a great strategy is
escape to the world of games there sometimes
It goes very well, you know, you're going crazy.
sometimes it's very true beauty
so that's what I hope many have
liked always remembering to give a young man
of prescription in the channel to be part
of resistance bj the following will not
hesitate and will not lose the promotion of
christmas games that are more than
twenty-eight games being drawn there
Our channel is very nice, beauty.
so this is it people have all one
great weekend, play a lot more
I rested a lot too
we see on Monday a hug
It was okay to know who you're okay okay ok okay
OK